Fixes #22330: Update windows agent installation documentation (#948)
Normation/rudder-doc: src/reference/modules/installation/pages/agent/windows.adoc

----

=== CLI Installation

Use `msiexec` with the `/quiet` switch to make the installation in silent mode.

----
msiexec /i rudder-agent-<Rudder version>.msi /quiet /POLICYSERVER=my.rudder.server
----

=== Installer options

Several options can be passed via the CLI to the installer (`KEY=value` options must come last):

* `/quiet`: Silent install
* `/l*v MyLogFile.txt`: Create a verbose log file
* `POLICYSERVER=xxx`: If not empty, will override at install time the value of the `policy-server.conf`.
* `SCHEDULEDTASKUSER=xxx`: If not empty, will use the given user to run the Rudder scheduled tasks, responsible for the agent execution.
* `SCHEDULEDTASKPASSWORD=xxx`: Only need if `SCHEDULEDTASKUSER` is used, password of the target user (required to define the scheduled task).

The `SCHEDULEDTASK*` options are only available through the CLI, and when used, the agent will not try to modify the defined task afterward without manual intervention.
The scheduled tasks can be manually modified using the rudder command `rudder agent check-scheduled-tasks`.
By default, if no user is given at install time, the scheduled tasks will be run as the `SYSTEM` user.

== Logs

> In cas of error logs are available in `C:\Users\vagrant\AppData\Local\Temp`. The file will be named MSIxxx.log, sort them by date to find the last one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of errors, logs are available in `C:\Users\vagrant\AppData\Local\Temp`. The file will be named MSIxxx.log, sort them by date to find the last one.
```

> To get verbose logs, use msiexec's option `/l*v MyLogFile.txt`. You can then finw errors by looking for `value 3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get verbose logs, use msiexec's option `/l*v MyLogFile.txt`. You can then find errors by looking for `value 3`.
```
